---
layout: post
title: "Introduction to Thin Film Deposition"
# excerpt: ""
# modified: 2017-11-22T14:17:25-04:00
categories: [Thin Film Deposition]
subcategory:
tags: [thin-film-deposition]
comments: true
share: true
---

Thin film deposition techniques are generally classified into two primary categories: Chemical Vapor Deposition (CVD) and Physical Vapor Deposition (PVD). In both techniques, the silicon wafer is placed inside a vacuum deposition chamber, where film components are delivered through the gas phase to the substrate surface, where they form a film.

For CVD, reactant gases are introduced into the chamber, and the film is produced through chemical reactions that occur on the surface of the substrate. In contrast, PVD relies on physical processes to generate the atoms that travel through a low-pressure gas phase and condense on the substrate. Atom flux in PVD is typically generated by either (1) heating a solid material until it vaporizes, known as “evaporation,” or (2) bombarding a solid target with high-energy ions generated in a plasma, a method called “sputter deposition.”

Because PVD requires very low-pressure conditions for gaseous species to travel from the source to the substrate, it is often referred to as “vacuum deposition.” CVD has traditionally been employed in the integrated circuit industry mainly for the deposition of silicon and dielectric materials, owing to its high film quality and excellent step coverage. PVD, on the other hand, has historically been used for metal deposition due to its capability to deposit a broad range of metals and alloys that are difficult to achieve using CVD.

A third category of thin film deposition involves coating the wafer with a liquid that solidifies into a film upon heating. An example of this approach is the use of Spin-On Glasses (SOGs).





